This file collects the licences for the various pieces of software
included in this package, sorted by the package name in alphabetical
order.  Minor items (typically single-file contributions) appear at the end.

4DOM:

Copyright (c) 2000 Fourthought Inc, USA

                        All Rights Reserved

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of FourThought LLC not be
used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the
software without specific, written prior permission.

FOURTHOUGHT LLC DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE,
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS,
IN NO EVENT SHALL FOURTHOUGHT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF
USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.


PyExpat, SAX libraries:
--------------------------------------------------------------------
BEOPEN PYTHON OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT VERSION 1
-----------------------------------------------------

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between BeOpen.com ("BeOpen"), having an
office at 160 Saratoga Avenue, Santa Clara, CA 95051, and the
Individual or Organization ("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using
this software in source or binary form and its associated
documentation ("the Software").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this BeOpen Python License
Agreement, BeOpen hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive,
royalty-free, world-wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform
and/or display publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and
otherwise use the Software alone or in any derivative version,
provided, however, that the BeOpen Python License is retained in the
Software, alone or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. BeOpen is making the Software available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis.  BEOPEN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, BEOPEN MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

4. BEOPEN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF THE
SOFTWARE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE, OR ANY
DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

5. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

6. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of California, excluding conflict of
law provisions.  Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between BeOpen and Licensee.  This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use BeOpen trademarks or trade names in a trademark
sense to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any
third party.  As an exception, the "BeOpen Python" logos available at
http://www.pythonlabs.com/logos.html may be used according to the
permissions granted on that web page.

7. By copying, installing or otherwise using the software, Licensee
agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
Agreement.


CNRI OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT
----------------------------------

Python 1.6 CNRI OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING
ON "ACCEPT" WHERE INDICATED BELOW, OR BY COPYING, INSTALLING OR
OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6 SOFTWARE, YOU ARE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT.

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Corporation for National
Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White Drive,
Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or Organization
("Licensee") accessing and otherwise using Python 1.6 software in
source or binary form and its associated documentation, as released at
the www.python.org Internet site on September 5, 2000 ("Python 1.6").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, CNRI
hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python 1.6
alone or in any derivative version, provided, however, that CNRI's
License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright, i.e., "Copyright (c)
1995-2000 Corporation for National Research Initiatives; All Rights
Reserved" are retained in Python 1.6 alone or in any derivative
version prepared by

Licensee. Alternately, in lieu of CNRI's License Agreement, Licensee
may substitute the following text (omitting the quotes): "Python 1.6
is made available subject to the terms and conditions in CNRI's
License Agreement. This Agreement together with Python 1.6 may be
located on the Internet using the following unique, persistent
identifier (known as a handle): 1895.22/1012. This Agreement may also
be obtained from a proxy server on the Internet using the following
URL: http://hdl.handle.net/1895.22/1012".

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
or incorporates Python 1.6 or any part thereof, and wants to make the
derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee
hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the
changes made to Python 1.6.

4. CNRI is making Python 1.6 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
basis. CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED. BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO AND
DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON 1.6 WILL NOT
INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON
1.6 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A
RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON 1.6, OR
ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in all
respects by the law of the State of Virginia, excluding conflict of
law provisions. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to
create any relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture
between CNRI and Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant
permission to use CNRI trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense
to endorse or promote products or services of Licensee, or any third
party.

8. By clicking on the "ACCEPT" button where indicated, or by copying,
installing or otherwise using Python 1.6, Licensee agrees to be bound
by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

ACCEPT


CWI PERMISSIONS STATEMENT AND DISCLAIMER
----------------------------------------

Copyright (c) 1991 - 1995, Stichting Mathematisch Centrum Amsterdam,
The Netherlands.  All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Stichting Mathematisch
Centrum or CWI not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STICHTING MATHEMATISCH CENTRUM BE LIABLE
FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

qp_xml:
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Written by Greg Stein. Public Domain.
No Copyright, no Rights Reserved, and no Warranties.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

sgmlop.c:
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright (c) 1998 by Secret Labs AB.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and
its associated documentation for any purpose and without fee is
hereby granted.  This software is provided as is.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

xmlproc:

xmlproc is free and you can do as you like with it. If you change it,
please let the author, Lars Marius Garshol, know about it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

setupext/install_data.py:

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

schema/trex.py

Copyright (c) 2001, James Tauber
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
  the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
  distribution.
* The name "James Tauber" may not be used to endorse or promote
  products derived from this software without specific prior written
  permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

test/domapi/ (and test/test_pyxmldom.py)

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Zope Public License (ZPL) Version 1.0
-------------------------------------

Copyright (c) Digital Creations.  All rights reserved.

This license has been certified as Open Source(tm).

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions in source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in
   the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
   distribution.
 
3. Digital Creations requests that attribution be given to Zope
   in any manner possible. Zope includes a "Powered by Zope"
   button that is installed by default. While it is not a license
   violation to remove this button, it is requested that the
   attribution remain. A significant investment has been put
   into Zope, and this effort will continue if the Zope community
   continues to grow. This is one way to assure that growth.

4. All advertising materials and documentation mentioning
   features derived from or use of this software must display
   the following acknowledgement:

     "This product includes software developed by Digital Creations
     for use in the Z Object Publishing Environment
     (http://www.zope.org/)."

   In the event that the product being advertised includes an
   intact Zope distribution (with copyright and license included)
   then this clause is waived.

5. Names associated with Zope or Digital Creations must not be used to
   endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   prior written permission from Digital Creations.
 
6. Modified redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain
   the following acknowledgment:

      "This product includes software developed by Digital Creations
      for use in the Z Object Publishing Environment
      (http://www.zope.org/)."
 
    Intact (re-)distributions of any official Zope release do not
    require an external acknowledgement.
 
 7. Modifications are encouraged but must be packaged separately as
    patches to official Zope releases.  Distributions that do not
    clearly separate the patches from the original work must be clearly
    labeled as unofficial distributions.  Modifications which do not
    carry the name Zope may be packaged in any form, as long as they
    conform to all of the clauses above.
 
 
 Disclaimer
 
   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY DIGITAL CREATIONS ``AS IS'' AND ANY
   EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
   IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
   PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL CREATIONS OR ITS
   CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
   SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
   LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
   USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
   ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
   OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT
   OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
   SUCH DAMAGE.
 
 
 This software consists of contributions made by Digital Creations and
 many individuals on behalf of Digital Creations.  Specific
 attributions are listed in the accompanying credits file.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Others:
xml/dom/ext/c14n.py is distributed under the terms of the Python 2.0
copyright, or later.
